echo metodo,tamanho,tempo,comparacoes,trocas >> dados-crescente.csv
bubbleSort.exe < crescente-10000 >> dados-crescente.csv
bubbleSort.exe < crescente-50000 >> dados-crescente.csv
bubbleSort.exe < crescente-100000 >> dados-crescente.csv
insertionSort.exe < crescente-10000 >> dados-crescente.csv
insertionSort.exe < crescente-50000 >> dados-crescente.csv
insertionSort.exe < crescente-100000 >> dados-crescente.csv
selectionSort.exe < crescente-10000 >> dados-crescente.csv
selectionSort.exe < crescente-50000 >> dados-crescente.csv
selectionSort.exe < crescente-100000 >> dados-crescente.csv
echo metodo,tamanho,tempo,comparacoes,trocas >> dados-decrescente.csv
bubbleSort.exe < decrescente-10000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
bubbleSort.exe < decrescente-50000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
bubbleSort.exe < decrescente-100000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
insertionSort.exe < decrescente-10000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
insertionSort.exe < decrescente-50000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
insertionSort.exe < decrescente-100000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
selectionSort.exe < decrescente-10000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
selectionSort.exe < decrescente-50000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
selectionSort.exe < decrescente-100000 >> dados-decrescente.csv
echo metodo,tamanho,tempo,comparacoes,trocas >> dados-aleatorio.csv
bubbleSort.exe < aleatorio-10000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
bubbleSort.exe < aleatorio-50000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
bubbleSort.exe < aleatorio-100000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
insertionSort.exe < aleatorio-10000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
insertionSort.exe < aleatorio-50000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
insertionSort.exe < aleatorio-100000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
selectionSort.exe < aleatorio-10000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
selectionSort.exe < aleatorio-50000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
selectionSort.exe < aleatorio-100000 >> dados-aleatorio.csv
